Update resources-office-add-in-known-issues.md (#5556)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/resources/resources-office-add-in-known-issues.md

## Active issues in Office add-ins

### New-Outlook: Images inserted by add-ins were broken for customers with offline mode enabled in the targeted release channel

> Customers in targeted release using New-outlook for windows with offline mode enabled were seeing broken images with 5xx errors while inserting images via an add-in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While inserting images via an add-in, customers in targeted releases using New Outlook for Windows with offline mode enabled report seeing broken images with 5xx errors.
```
